Summary of changes

----------
Fifth Edition

Added Barack H. Obama to president.txt as 44th president.

ch07 discusses prepared CALL and OUT/INOUT parameter support.

ch07 no longer discusses embedded server. (The sample .c program
embapp.c is still included in the capi directory.)

----------
Fourth Edition

capi directory:

Renamed stmt_exec, stmt_exec_ssl, stmt_exec_multi to exec_stmt,
exec_stmt_ssl, exec_stmt_multi.

phpapi directory:

PHP scripts now use PDO rather than PEAR DB.

----------
Third Edition

Example table changes:

score, student, and absence tables now are InnoDB tables.
event is renamed to grade_event, its type column now is named category,
and the table is an InnoDB table.  (These are InnoDB tables now because
InnoDB is sufficiently prevalent that it makes sense to use these tables
to demonstrate foreign key constraints and transactions.)

If your version of MySQL is older and complains about "ENGINE" in the
CREATE TABLE statements, substitute the keyword "TYPE".  If you don't
have InnoDB, you can create the tables as MyISAM tables, but the foreign
key and transaction examples won't work.

capi directory:

Error-reporting code in C programs now prints mysql_sqlstate() value
in addition to the mysql_error() and mysql_errno() values.

Combined the old client1 and client2 into connect1, renamed
client3 to connect2, renamed client4 to stmt_exec, renamed sslclient
to stmt_exec_ssl.

Removed capi/misc/map.c because the workarounds are for client libraries
that go back before 4.0. You couldn't possibly be using a client library
that old if you are using the option-processing routines shown in this
book, which require at least MySQL 4.0.2.  The file is still available
in 2nd Edition sampdb distribution.

handle_one_option(), print_error() now static.

SSL key/cert files now have expiration of 10 years, not 1 year.
That way, I shouldn't have to replace them.

phpapi directory:

PHP scripts now use PEAR DB rather than low-level mysql_xxx() functions.

----------
Second Edition

This file lists changes made to the sampdb distribution that accompanies
MySQL, second edition, in comparison to the samp_db distribution that
accompanies MySQL, first edition.

2002-09-03
- First edition created member table without the member_id column initially,
  then showed how to add it later using ALTER TABLE.  This was a problem
  for readers who didn't notice where the member_id column was added, because
  later chapters assume the column is there.  Now the table is created with
  the member_id column from the start.

2002-06-15
- No SQL statements assume that INTO is optional after INSERT any more.
  (Better portability to non-MySQL engines.)

2002-06-10
- Missing email addresses in member table are now stored as NULL values,
  not as empty strings.  Advanced expiration dates by three years.

2002-01-20
- Added George W. Bush to president.txt as 43rd president.  Changed middle
  initial of George Bush (Sr.) from W. to H.W. and corrected birthday from
  1924-06-24 to 1924-06-12. (There are 43 presidents, but only 42 records,
  because Grover Cleveland was the 22nd and 24th president -- that is,
  president twice for non-contiguous terms.)

2000-04-06
- Added comments to derive_member_pass.sql showing how to work around lack of
  the MD5() function if your version of MySQL is older than 3.23.2.

2000-03-03
- Change to perlapi/gen_dir.  The switchbox code for determining the output
  format type did not match what is in the book (page 311).  The code was
  changed for the book to a more efficent method suggested by Monty, but
  the change hadn't been folded back into the original source.

2000-02-12
- Fixed problem in phpapi/gp/score_entry.php: changed $addslashes()
  to addslashes().
